James | Coach: Welcome back, Nina. Last time we talked about the tension between your team and the sales org. Where does that stand?
Nina: It's better in some ways. We had a joint meeting and cleared the air about the Q2 timeline. But I still feel like I'm constantly firefighting.
James | Coach: When you say firefighting — what does a typical day look like right now?
Nina: I start with a plan, and by 10am I'm already reacting. Someone needs a decision, there's an escalation, a customer issue that got routed to me directly. I barely have time to think.
James | Coach: How much of what lands on you could realistically be handled by someone on your team?
Nina: Probably 60 percent. But I've never been explicit about what they're empowered to decide on their own. I think they escalate because they're not sure.
James | Coach: That's a really honest insight. What would it take to create that clarity — for them and for you?
Nina: I could put together a decision matrix. Here's what you decide, here's what you bring to me, here's what goes above me. It would take maybe two hours to draft.
James | Coach: And what impact do you think that would have on your days?
Nina: Honestly, it could cut my reactive load in half. The stuff I actually need to be involved in is probably 20 percent of what I'm currently handling.
James | Coach: So the action is clear. When can you have a first draft of that matrix ready?
Nina: By Thursday. I'll share it with the team in our Friday all-hands and get their feedback.
James | Coach: Perfect. Also — notice what just happened. You went from "I'm always firefighting" to a concrete solution in about ten minutes. You had the answer.
Nina: I always do, I just don't give myself the space to find it.
James | Coach: That's the practice. See you next week.